Updates for MinIO Server release 2023-08-04 (#1000)
minio/docs: source/administration/object-management/object-versioning.rst

Overview
--------

> MinIO supports keeping up to 10,000 "versions" of an object in a single bucket.

Reviewer: This section feels a bit odd - I understand why the flow is what it is, but it feels repetitive.

Maybe drop line 35 and have the `versionchanged` just on line 37-38?

Author: Reworked this section to avoid the repetition.

--------

MinIO supports keeping multiple "versions" of an object in a single bucket.

> When enabled at the time you create a bucket, versioning allows MinIO to keep multiple iterations of the same object.

Reviewer: Versioning can be enabled at any time - you might be thinking of write locks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, versioning allows MinIO to keep multiple iterations of the same object.
```

version of the object that clients retrieve by default. Clients can then
explicitly choose to list, retrieve, or remove a specific object version. 

.. versionchanged:: 2023-08-04T17-40-21Z

   MinIO restricts object versioning to no more than 10,000 versions of each object.

> If an operation would create more than 10,000 versions of the object, the operation results in an error.

Reviewer: This might imply bulk ops.

```suggestion
If a write operation would exceed the 10,000 object version limit, MinIO blocks the operation and returns an error.
```

If an operation would create more than 10,000 versions of the object, the operation results in an error.
```
